OCPBUGS-56815: openstack docs: Fix type of clusterOSImageProperties (#9754)
openshift/installer: docs/user/openstack/customization.md

* `region` (deprecated string): The OpenStack region where the cluster will be created. Currently this value is not used by the installer.
* `trunkSupport` (deprecated string): Whether OpenStack ports can be trunked (`1` for true or `0` for false)
* `clusterOSImage` (optional string): Either a URL with `http(s)` or `file` scheme to override the default OS image for cluster nodes or an existing Glance image name.

> * `clusterOSImageProperties` (dictionary of strings): a list of properties to be added to the installer-uploaded ClusterOSImage in Glance. The default is to not set any properties. `clusterOSImageProperties` is ignored when `clusterOSImage` points to an existing image in Glance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `clusterOSImageProperties` (optional object): a list of properties to be added to the installer-uploaded ClusterOSImage in Glance. The default is to not set any properties. `clusterOSImageProperties` is ignored when `clusterOSImage` points to an existing image in Glance.
```

nit: `optional object` (aws doc uses this) or `key-value pairs`
